Proposed Taxonomy tree (#46)
instructlab/dev-docs: docs/taxonomy-tree-organization.md

## Why do we need this?

Our taxonomy tree is not only how humans will  place
the different `qna.yaml`s, but it's how people will look for
and update changes for specific questions and answers.
Having the challenge of this organization, copying Wikipedia's
tree is a good default standard.

## What are we going to do to enforce this?

The triage team will take into consideration the location of the
directory and how it pertains to the suggested tree that Wikipedia
publishes their as. The merging of [this PR](https://github.com/instructlab/taxonomy/pull/780)
will build the initial tree, which we can work with the backend
team to solidify the tree going forward.
Creating a new "top level" directory will require understanding
that it will be a special rare case, while lower left nodes of
the tree as long as they are put in logical place is empowered
by the contributor.
The side effect leveraging using this we can verify where the

> knowledge is placed on Wikipedia and re-enforce the location

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
knowledge is placed on Wikipedia and reinforce the location
```
